c:\users\asus-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KOPRASISMKJAYA\KOPRASISMKJAYA\bin\Debug\KOPRASISMKJAYA.exe.config
c:\users\asus-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KOPRASISMKJAYA\KOPRASISMKJAYA\bin\Debug\KOPRASISMKJAYA.exe
c:\users\asus-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KOPRASISMKJAYA\KOPRASISMKJAYA\bin\Debug\KOPRASISMKJAYA.pdb
c:\users\asus-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KOPRASISMKJAYA\KOPRASISMKJAYA\bin\Debug\KOPRASISMKJAYA.xml
c:\users\asus-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KOPRASISMKJAYA\KOPRASISMKJAYA\obj\Debug\KOPRASISMKJAYA.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\asus-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KOPRASISMKJAYA\KOPRASISMKJAYA\obj\Debug\KOPRASISMKJAYA.Form1.resources
c:\users\asus-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KOPRASISMKJAYA\KOPRASISMKJAYA\obj\Debug\KOPRASISMKJAYA.Resources.resources
c:\users\asus-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KOPRASISMKJAYA\KOPRASISMKJAYA\obj\Debug\KOPRASISMKJAYA.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\asus-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KOPRASISMKJAYA\KOPRASISMKJAYA\obj\Debug\KOPRASISMKJAYA.exe
c:\users\asus-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KOPRASISMKJAYA\KOPRASISMKJAYA\obj\Debug\KOPRASISMKJAYA.xml
c:\users\asus-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KOPRASISMKJAYA\KOPRASISMKJAYA\obj\Debug\KOPRASISMKJAYA.pdb
c:\users\asus-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KOPRASISMKJAYA\KOPRASISMKJAYA\obj\Debug\KOPRASISMKJAYA.mainform.resources
c:\users\asus-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KOPRASISMKJAYA\KOPRASISMKJAYA\obj\Debug\KOPRASISMKJAYA.nav_administrasi.resources
c:\users\asus-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KOPRASISMKJAYA\KOPRASISMKJAYA\obj\Debug\KOPRASISMKJAYA.nav_user.resources
c:\users\asus-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KOPRASISMKJAYA\KOPRASISMKJAYA\obj\Debug\KOPRASISMKJAYA.ubahpassword.resources
c:\users\asus-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KOPRASISMKJAYA\KOPRASISMKJAYA\obj\Debug\KOPRASISMKJAYA.masterpengguna.resources
c:\users\asus-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KOPRASISMKJAYA\KOPRASISMKJAYA\obj\Debug\KOPRASISMKJAYA.masteranggota.resources
c:\users\asus-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KOPRASISMKJAYA\KOPRASISMKJAYA\obj\Debug\KOPRASISMKJAYA.unitkerja.resources
c:\users\asus-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KOPRASISMKJAYA\KOPRASISMKJAYA\obj\Debug\KOPRASISMKJAYA.jenisbarang.resources
c:\users\asus-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KOPRASISMKJAYA\KOPRASISMKJAYA\obj\Debug\KOPRASISMKJAYA.barang.resources
C:\Users\ASUS-PC\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KOPRASISMKJAYA\KOPRASISMKJAYA\obj\Debug\KOPRASISMKJAYA.transaksi_anggota.resources
C:\Users\ASUS-PC\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KOPRASISMKJAYA\KOPRASISMKJAYA\obj\Debug\KOPRASISMKJAYA.transaksi_umum.resources
C:\Users\ASUS-PC\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KOPRASISMKJAYA\KOPRASISMKJAYA\obj\Debug\KOPRASISMKJAYA.prosesanggota.resources
C:\Users\ASUS-PC\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KOPRASISMKJAYA\KOPRASISMKJAYA\obj\Debug\KOPRASISMKJAYA.deposit.resources
C:\Users\ASUS-PC\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KOPRASISMKJAYA\KOPRASISMKJAYA\obj\Debug\KOPRASISMKJAYA.jenispembayaran.resources
C:\Users\ASUS-PC\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KOPRASISMKJAYA\KOPRASISMKJAYA\obj\Debug\KOPRASISMKJAYA.prosesdeposito.resources
C:\Users\ASUS-PC\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KOPRASISMKJAYA\KOPRASISMKJAYA\obj\Debug\KOPRASISMKJAYA.urutantransaksi.resources
C:\Users\ASUS-PC\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KOPRASISMKJAYA\KOPRASISMKJAYA\obj\Debug\KOPRASISMKJAYA.potonggaji.resources
